And the next section we're going to be building we're here this is going to be the skills.
Right.
And like I said this is going to be responsive.
And so as you can see that it changes from four columns here and then it's going to be two and then
the smaller screen is going to be one.
All right.
So let's go to our indexation here now or here and open it up and we're going to say that this is going
to be the banner.
So here we're going to say this is going to be Skills section right skills section and we're hoping
to say this is going to be the end of school section.
So let's cover this right over here and of skills.
Right.
And what we're all going to have here is we're going to say this is going to be section here like this
one idea of skills.
Right.
And once we have this we're going to say Dave this is going to be skills container right.
Once we have that we're going to have a skills item which is actually going to be in an article I'm
sorry I'm going to write an article and this is going to have a class of skills.
I had them you know in this once we our first article we're going to have a to us and we're going to
have four or here we're going to say this is going to be code like this and then we're going to have
a heading here like this one to say this is going to be heading one and this is going to be a class
actually of code and it's all going on right.
I'm sorry this is going to have actual content of code right.
So on what I write or hear code and press time over here and I would have had it one and now would want
a platting right.
So we're going to write I'm sorry pop paragraph sorry paragraph and on here I'm going to say this is
going to be a long term so I'm going to insert some dummy text.
So give me like 15 words or something like that right.
So yeah I'm going to press typing on we have a paragraph and then the next thing that we would want
to do is obviously create more skills items like this.
Right.
So what I'm going to do over here I'm going to say this for now.
Say this and then we're going to do is grab this article and say this is going to be hard to go and
this is going to be the end of article.
Right.
So we can just see better where we have the new article so it's easier for us to work.
And of article.
And then let's just grab this right.
So we're going to have one two three.
All right so now we have four of them.
And what we're going to write on here the next one is going to be file text.
All right so we're going to say this is going to be documented.
So let's find where the second one going to say this is going to be a documented and this is going to
be a file here file text both here and this then we're going to have all read guys going to you for
map all map.
And this is going to be optimized.
We're going to find this is going to be optimized optimized
minds over here probably it's correct.
Right optimized.
And the last one is going to be a desktop.
So we're going to say stop and then we're going to write code and it's going to be different.
It's going to be written right here like this and we're done with our page now and we're ready to move
on to a really good set of skills section.
Right.
And really can you just go ahead to make sure this is styling.
So we have the main sites.
And obviously once we're done with the banner we need to make a comment and this is going to be actually
a skills section right.
So again we got to war here and create a comment and we're going to say this is going to be Skills section.
I don't know if we can create hashtags we can i mean really depends.
Just sometimes those hashtags actually help you to see everything better right.
Or here we're going to scroll down right so we can see that in this size right and we're going to start
styling here.
We're going to say this is going to be skills first and then we're going to have a few things right.
There's going to be Patti and the padding is actually going to be 60 pixels or you doing this sort of
bottom and actually on the sides we're going to leave it zero.
All right then we'll have a background color and the background color over here is going to be this
B E B B B.
And then it can be seven a 4 right.
So let me just make sure that I have this color over here.
B B C Yeah that's the great one right.
I was just kind of confused when I put it in there or not.
All right so now we have a skills that we would want a skills container.
So here we get the right skills container and what we have over here is going to be a Mac with or hear
like this I'm not going to say this is going to be ninety five wii you.
Right so this is going to be for a few.
When is horizontally right.
So what we're doing or here we're just setting it so it doesn't expand more like we're just creating
a little padding.
Right.
We're also good right away going to center.
Some say margin.
0 auto right.
So I can see that the whole container actually contains all these articles.
I'm just putting in the center and we're saying that we don't want it to be more than 95 or 95 should
be the max we're all going to say skills and we're going to say who I am and what should we do with
the item right.
So here we're going to set x to y line center and so that in the center margin and margin is going to
be only the top and or here's zero.
All right.
So you can see that we just created these margins.
This was the most important part for us on the small screen so they're not stacking into each other.
Right.
And then we're going to have a skills item phantasm that's all going to go here and the same skills
and I'm going to say phantasm.
And what should happen right.
So here we're going to say font size and this is going to be 60 pixels and so we're going to make them
big and we're going to have color let's say hash tag or here of 1 2 1 9 1 7 1 6 right.
So can I make them black.
They're going to have a letter spacing right.
And we're going to say letter spacing one pixel.
So we're going to make them a little bit less stacked together right here.
This is going to be skills and we're going to see them and we're going to have heading one right.
And what should happen.
We're going to say this is going to be fun size here.
It's not fun this play font size.
And we're going to say font size is going to be 30 pixels right over here to me and we're going to have
a letter spacing of two pixels or spacing two pixels.
Then we're going to have a actual margin and you can see actually over here this was completely unnecessary.
No one was putting a letter spacing or here right.
It doesn't make sense spacing I needed or here for my heading and then I'm going to have a margin of
no real margin is going to be 30 pixels and zero or here and the color right and what is going to be
the color this is going to be hashtag e 6 8.
And that is going to be EF 2 EF 2.
So we're going to make this call and then we're going to say text transform text transform I'm not going
to say uppercase or this.
Now that we have it uppercase we have a few three more rules to actually create.
First it's going to be for a paragraph and then the next to is actually as we're making it responsive
Let's or here we're going to say skills and say item and paragraph and what should happen.
So first we're going to say to do with sexual it should be only 75 percent to 75 percent.
Then again we need to make the trek with the margin right.
So we're actually sitting in the center and then we're going to have a color.
Right.
And the color is going to be hash tag e 0 he and they're all going to have to the be right.
So now we have a color and then we would want a medium screens for responsiveness right.
So we're going to say it's going to be a year and screen or here and then we're going to say hand and
for the men with white men with over here like this and then we're going to start with 576 576 pixels.
And then what we're going to say is we would want to create all these brackets right.
And we're going to say this is going to be for the skills container container and then we're going to
say that this is going to be displayed red red here and we're going to say great template columns on
it's own grade red template template columns.
Right now we're here we're going to write and this is going to be one fraction and one fraction.
So basically what we're saying is let's just divided actually in half right.
Exactly and have just divided and be done with it.
Right.
And also if we want right away we can add an actual grid map right.
So we're going to say that we're just grid or here call them gap.
And so we need to find this gap and this is basically what is the gap going to be between the columns
right.
We're going to say let's say something like wanting him.
Right.
So you can see or hear you can start practicing different actually measurements right.
Not just pixels but this is the new one the fraction right which pretty much divides it.
Right.
And here this is what he writes It's not that Newbert anyway or here would want to do is actually create
another one right.
So this is where we are starting from the smaller screen.
Right.
So if I save this one right and if I refresh over here this web agency right now you can see right now
this is what I'm going to have right.
But as I'm going to the bigger screen this is not what I want right.
I obviously would want a four of them right.
So what's going to happen is if I go back over here right I'm going to change the rule.
Right.
And we're not as much just going to change it or going out a new one.
So there was a first media screen.
Right.
And this one is going to be for a nine and two I had to go back on here and say nine any two.
And instead this time even one fraction right what we're going to say this is going to be able to use
a repeat method right.
Repeat.
No we are all going to write and we would want a four times repeat and one for action right here one
for action.
And this is another way how to write it.
We could have written one fraction one fraction one fraction one fraction right.
But we can also shorten by just writing repeat then many times and what kind of amount.
Right.
So or hear what I'm going to do is make the grade gap a little bit less.
So let's say I'm going to make something like five pixels just for for fun of it.
In the beginning and then we'll see how it looks like.
Right.
So let's refresh and then we go back over here and I can see that now we have four of them right.
And this is how they're actually going to look.
And this is going to be it for this section.
And now we are ready to move on to the next section.